---
description: 'System table containing information about mutations of MergeTree tables
  and their progress. Each mutation command is represented by a single row.'
keywords: ['system table', 'mutations']
slug: /operations/system-tables/mutations
title: 'system.mutations'
doc_type: 'reference'
---

# system.mutations

The table contains information about [mutations](/sql-reference/statements/alter/index.md#mutations) of [MergeTree](/engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md) tables and their progress. Each mutation command is represented by a single row.

## Columns: {#columns}


<!--AUTOGENERATED_START-->
- `database` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The name of the database to which the mutation was applied.
- `table` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The name of the table to which the mutation was applied.
- `mutation_id` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The ID of the mutation. For replicated tables these IDs correspond to znode names in the <table_path_in_clickhouse_keeper>/mutations/ directory in ClickHouse Keeper. For non-replicated tables the IDs correspond to file names in the data directory of the table.
- `command` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The mutation command string (the part of the query after ALTER TABLE [db.]table).
- `create_time` ([DateTime](/sql-reference/data-types/datetime)) — Date and time when the mutation command was submitted for execution.
- `block_numbers.partition_id` ([Array(String)](/sql-reference/data-types/array)) — For mutations of replicated tables, the array contains the partitions\' IDs (one record for each partition). For mutations of non-replicated tables the array is empty.
- `block_numbers.number` ([Array(Int64)](/sql-reference/data-types/array)) — For mutations of replicated tables, the array contains one record for each partition, with the block number that was acquired by the mutation. Only parts that contain blocks with numbers less than this number will be mutated in the partition.In non-replicated tables, block numbers in all partitions form a single sequence. This means that for mutations of non-replicated tables, the column will contain one record with a single block number acquired by the mutation.
- `parts_in_progress_names` ([Array(String)](/sql-reference/data-types/array)) — An array of names of data parts that are currently being mutated.
- `parts_to_do_names` ([Array(String)](/sql-reference/data-types/array)) — An array of names of data parts that need to be mutated for the mutation to complete.
- `parts_to_do` ([Int64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — The number of data parts that need to be mutated for the mutation to complete.
- `parts_postpone_reasons` ([Map(String, String)](/sql-reference/data-types/map)) — A map of part names to reasons why they are postponed.
- `is_done` ([UInt8](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — The flag whether the mutation is done or not. Possible values: 1 if the mutation is completed, 0 if the mutation is still in process.
- `is_killed` ([UInt8](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Indicates whether a mutation has been killed. Only available in ClickHouse Cloud.Note: is_killed=1 does not necessarily mean the mutation is completely finalized.It is possible for a mutation to remain in a state where is_killed=1 and is_done=0 for an extended period.This can occur if another long-running mutation is blocking the killed mutation. This is a normal situation.
- `latest_failed_part` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The name of the most recent part that could not be mutated.
- `latest_fail_time` ([DateTime](/sql-reference/data-types/datetime)) — The date and time of the most recent part mutation failure.
- `latest_fail_reason` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The exception message that caused the most recent part mutation failure.
- `latest_fail_error_code_name` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The error code of the exception that caused the most recent part mutation failure.
<!--AUTOGENERATED_END-->

## Monitoring Mutations {#monitoring-mutations}

To track the progress on the `system.mutations` table, use the following query:

```sql
SELECT * FROM clusterAllReplicas('cluster_name', 'system', 'mutations')
WHERE is_done = 0 AND table = 'tmp';

-- or

SELECT * FROM clusterAllReplicas('cluster_name', 'system.mutations')
WHERE is_done = 0 AND table = 'tmp';
```

Note: this requires read permissions on the `system.*` tables.

:::tip Cloud usage
In ClickHouse Cloud the `system.mutations` table on each node has all the mutations in the cluster, and there is no need for `clusterAllReplicas`.
:::

**See Also**

- [Mutations](/sql-reference/statements/alter/index.md#mutations)
- [MergeTree](/engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md) table engine
- [ReplicatedMergeTree](/engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/replication.md) family
