---
description: 'System table which exists only if ZooKeeper is configured. Shows current
  connections to ZooKeeper (including auxiliary ZooKeepers).'
keywords: ['system table', 'zookeeper_connection']
slug: /operations/system-tables/zookeeper_connection
title: 'system.zookeeper_connection'
doc_type: 'reference'
---

import SystemTableCloud from '@site/docs/_snippets/_system_table_cloud.md';

# system.zookeeper_connection

<SystemTableCloud/>

This table does not exist if ZooKeeper is not configured. The 'system.zookeeper_connection' table shows current connections to ZooKeeper (including auxiliary ZooKeepers). Each row shows information about one connection.

Columns:


<!--AUTOGENERATED_START-->
- `name` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — ZooKeeper cluster\'s name.
- `host` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The hostname/IP of the ZooKeeper node that ClickHouse connected to.
- `port` ([UInt16](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — The port of the ZooKeeper node that ClickHouse connected to.
- `index` ([Nullable(UInt8)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The index of the ZooKeeper node that ClickHouse connected to. The index is from ZooKeeper config. If not connected, this column is NULL.
- `connected_time` ([DateTime](/sql-reference/data-types/datetime)) — When the connection was established.
- `session_uptime_elapsed_seconds` ([UInt64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Seconds elapsed since the connection was established.
- `is_expired` ([UInt8](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Is the current connection expired.
- `keeper_api_version` ([UInt8](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Keeper API version.
- `client_id` ([Int64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Session id of the connection.
- `xid` ([Int64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — XID of the current session.
- `enabled_feature_flags` ([Array(Enum16(\'FILTERED_LIST\' = 0, \'MULTI_READ\' = 1, \'CHECK_NOT_EXISTS\' = 2, \'CREATE_IF_NOT_EXISTS\' = 3, \'REMOVE_RECURSIVE\' = 4, \'MULTI_WATCHES\' = 5, \'CHECK_STAT\' = 6, \'PERSISTENT_WATCHES\' = 7, \'CREATE_WITH_STATS\' = 8, \'TRY_REMOVE\' = 9, \'LIST_WITH_STAT_AND_DATA\' = 10))](/sql-reference/data-types/array)) — Feature flags which are enabled. Only applicable to ClickHouse Keeper.
- `availability_zone` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — Availability zone
- `session_timeout_ms` ([UInt64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Session timeout (in milliseconds)
- `last_zxid_seen` ([Int64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Last zxid seen by the current session.
<!--AUTOGENERATED_END-->
