---
description: 'System table which outputs introspection of all available keeper nodes.'
keywords: ['system table', 'zookeeper_info']
slug: /operations/system-tables/zookeeper_info
title: 'system.zookeeper_info'
doc_type: 'reference'
---

import SystemTableCloud from '@site/docs/_snippets/_system_table_cloud.md';

# system.zookeeper_info

<SystemTableCloud/>

This table outputs combined introspection about zookeeper and the nodes are taken from config.

Columns:

<!--AUTOGENERATED_START-->
- `zookeeper_cluster_name` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — ZooKeeper cluster\'s name.
- `host` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The hostname/IP of the ZooKeeper node that ClickHouse connected to.
- `port` ([UInt16](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — The port of the ZooKeeper node that ClickHouse connected to.
- `index` ([Nullable(UInt8)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The index of the ZooKeeper node that ClickHouse connected to. The index is from ZooKeeper config. If not connected, this column is NULL.
- `is_connected` ([UInt8](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Is the zookeeper connected.
- `is_readonly` ([Nullable(UInt8)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — Is readonly.
- `version` ([Nullable(String)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper version.
- `avg_latency` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The average latency.
- `max_latency` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The max latency.
- `min_latency` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The min latency.
- `packets_received` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The number of packets received.
- `packets_sent` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The number of packets sent.
- `outstanding_requests` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The number of outstanding requests.
- `server_state` ([Nullable(String)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — Server state.
- `is_leader` ([Nullable(UInt8)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — Is this zookeeper leader.
- `znode_count` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The znode count.
- `watch_count` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The watch count.
- `ephemerals_count` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ephemerals count.
- `approximate_data_size` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The approximate data size.
- `followers` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The followers of the leader. This field is only exposed by the leader.
- `synced_followers` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The synced followers of the leader. This field is only exposed by the leader.
- `pending_syncs` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The pending syncs of the leader. This field is only exposed by the leader.
- `open_file_descriptor_count` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The open file descriptor count. Only available on Unix platforms.
- `max_file_descriptor_count` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The max file descriptor count. Only available on Unix platforms.
- `connections` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper connections.
- `outstanding` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper outstanding.
- `zxid` ([Nullable(Int64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper zxid.
- `node_count` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper node count.
- `snapshot_dir_size` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper snapshot directory size.
- `log_dir_size` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper log directory size.
- `first_log_idx` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper first log index.
- `first_log_term` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper first log term.
- `last_log_idx` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper last log index.
- `last_log_term` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper last log term.
- `last_committed_idx` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper last committed index.
- `leader_committed_log_idx` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper leader committed log index.
- `target_committed_log_idx` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper target committed log index.
- `last_snapshot_idx` ([Nullable(UInt64)](/sql-reference/data-types/nullable)) — The ZooKeeper last snapshot index.
<!--AUTOGENERATED_END-->
