---
description: 'System table which exists only if ClickHouse Keeper or ZooKeeper are
  configured. It exposes data from the Keeper cluster defined in the config.'
keywords: ['system table', 'zookeeper']
slug: /operations/system-tables/zookeeper
title: 'system.zookeeper'
doc_type: 'reference'
---

# system.zookeeper

The table does not exist unless ClickHouse Keeper or ZooKeeper is configured. The `system.zookeeper` table exposes data from the Keeper clusters defined in the config.
The query must either have a `path =`   condition or a `path IN`  condition set with the `WHERE` clause as shown below. This corresponds to the path of the children that you want to get data for.

The query `SELECT * FROM system.zookeeper WHERE path = '/clickhouse'` outputs data for all children on the `/clickhouse` node.
To output data for all root nodes, write path = '/'.
If the path specified in 'path' does not exist, an exception will be thrown.

The query `SELECT * FROM system.zookeeper WHERE path IN ('/', '/clickhouse')` outputs data for all children on the `/` and `/clickhouse` node.
If in the specified 'path' collection has does not exist path, an exception will be thrown.
It can be used to do a batch of Keeper path queries.

The query `SELECT * FROM system.zookeeper WHERE path = '/clickhouse' AND zookeeperName = 'auxiliary_cluster'` outputs data in `auxiliary_cluster` ZooKeeper cluster.
If the specified 'auxiliary_cluster' does not exists, an exception will be thrown.

Columns:


<!--AUTOGENERATED_START-->
- `name` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The name of the node.
- `value` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — Node value.
- `zookeeperName` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The name of default or one of auxiliary ZooKeeper cluster.
- `czxid` ([Int64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — ID of the transaction that created the node.
- `mzxid` ([Int64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — ID of the transaction that last changed the node.
- `ctime` ([DateTime](/sql-reference/data-types/datetime)) — Time of node creation.
- `mtime` ([DateTime](/sql-reference/data-types/datetime)) — Time of the last modification of the node.
- `version` ([Int32](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Node version: the number of times the node was changed.
- `cversion` ([Int32](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Number of added or removed descendants.
- `aversion` ([Int32](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Number of changes to the ACL.
- `ephemeralOwner` ([Int64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — For ephemeral nodes, the ID of the session that owns this node.
- `dataLength` ([Int32](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Size of the value.
- `numChildren` ([Int32](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — Number of descendants.
- `pzxid` ([Int64](/sql-reference/data-types/int-uint)) — ID of the transaction that last deleted or added descendants.
- `path` ([String](/sql-reference/data-types/string)) — The path to the node.
<!--AUTOGENERATED_END-->
